hey guys Brian here with another clash
of clans video and today we're going to
be trying some more hogging you guys
gave me some tips on that last video
we're going to try them out and see if
they work so basically our goal and the
beginning of the attack is going to be
to lure out the Town Hall so let's see
if we can do that and you guys told me
to not bring a golem so I didn't bring a
golem okay he has nothing in his clan
castle I'm going to attack from the
bottom I think here I need to freeze the
inferno tower down here and then we
should be good after that I believe so
let's go ahead and put down our hugs
here in two streams all right I'm going
to put the free spill down on this
Inferno tower and that in front of tower
and that wizard tower and then once they
get to the center i'm going to put down
a rage spell on them so they can take it
out as quick as possible and put down
one more freeze over here on the in
front of tower the rage spell should
help them to take out that in front of
tower okay they got the single target in
front of tower are the multi target in
front of tower they're gonna put down
one more heal spell for them they should
be okay they're not in range of the
inferno towers so they're not going to
take very much damage so I'm going to
put down the rest of my troops and I
think we can get in there with my queen
if she's going to listen to us I have to
take out these buildings first though so
yeah once those Wizards get through i'm
going to put down my queen and then they
should start heading towards the center
we do the same with my king here i'm
also going to do a wall breaker to help
him out and they should be able to get
the two star for us going into the
center so that actually helped a lot
guys I think the rage spell made that in
front of tower take out a lot easier so
that was good advice by you guys and not
having the Golem I was able to bring
these Wizards which are actually helping
out a lot with our heroes so let's see
if we can pull this one off and get the
two star here so going on the level 40
King all right I don't know what
stinking right now but whatever it is I
like it all right I think it was a
wizard King is going good the Kings
actually gonna clear out the buildings
which my queen is gonna want to attack
so I'm kind of glad he's over there he's
getting wrecked by the single target in
front of tower though so it's gonna be
pretty much up to my queen here I think
she can reach that Town Hall is if she
gets up against a wall she's not going
to oh my goodness this is gonna be one
of those ones where she's just gonna
start going ring-around-the-rosy instead
of on the town all she's gonna attack
the gold storage next she's not even
gonna go there we're not going to get
this town all this sex look at the
Queen's a i right
come on that is ridiculous so I don't
even know if this wizards gonna be able
to get it she's going all the way around
the outside this is ridiculous I can't
even stand it so that was a great attack
if our queen had decided to listen I
don't know if I have to bring wall
breakers or what but every defense is
cleared here and we're not able to get
to the center I don't know if this
wizard can do it there's 7,000 HP okay
okay break that wall please what's she
doing she's actually doing something
when you use her ability she's gonna
take that out will she go for the town
hall she will she's gonna put damage on
the town hall for you the Queen has
redeemed herself does she get it does
she get it oh my goodness no really the
Town Hall was so low she did not get
that oh that sucks so much all right
guys I don't know we're gonna try
another attack there that was so close I
thought we had the two star there that
wizard I should have had like one more
tube anything would have attacked at
that time hell would have died so that
sucks that was a really good attack that
was a pretty strong base too but we're
gonna try again and see if we can have
some more luck I'll see you guys over
there all right guys here we go on the
second attack now let's see if we can
have a little bit more success on this
one this guy does not have multi target
in front of towers however I think the
problem with this attack is going to be
the the clan castle I don't know if I'm
gonna be able to lure it okay okay these
wall breakers are actually able to what
does he have in there though can I get
all these troops out of there it looks
like archers so far so I'm just gonna
use my wall breakers to see what I can
get out and I'm going to go ahead and
put down some hogs and I should be able
to get out the rest of the troops here
no problem okay that looks like all the
troops are out on just a couple archers
so I'm going to probably attack from the
hmm i think i'm gonna go from the bottom
here then so let's go ahead and spam
down my troops I think I'm going to I
don't know which ones i want to put down
first yeah here we go i'm going to put
down my hogs in two streams and there we
go alright I'm going to put down a heal
spell here for them that giant bombs
gonna do some damage but they should be
okay all right they're going in i'm
going to put down a free spell over here
and another free spell here want to use
the rach bell for the center all right
there on the inferno tower nice that's
going to help our heroes out of ton
gonna use this kind castle to take out
any more trips i still have a free spell
here so I'm
going to put it down on the wizard tower
over here so we can take that out and my
hero should be able to make their weight
on the inside oh no the Queen please
don't start going around I need to get
the gong in the center no no sorry my
time watching my sister's dog and he's
barking I'll show you him at the end of
the video alright so headin queen is
going well she's gonna go ahead and
probably bust through this wall
hopefully the King does first so she can
actually join up with him he's gonna go
for the liquor storage which is nice
that'll actually make it to where my
queen might go for the town'll I'll
never mind now she won't because she
won't go through that wall the Queen
saved the Queen the Queen needs to do
something our only hope is for this
Queen to go towards the center so that
is what I'm struggling with guys on
hogging it looks like is trying to get
my queen to go to the center I cannot
figure out how to do that or how to once
I clear all the defense's get to the
town hall so maybe you guys can give me
some more tips on that we are getting
better though I mean these spaces are
pretty strong and we're clearing them
out pretty nicely here besides this town
home so maybe the Queen will still pick
it up I don't know the expo still has a
lot of shots in it so I don't think
it'll run out maybe if these skeletons
are able to tank it up for it we'll see
yeah it's not gonna happen so I'm gonna
end that raid we got a one-star we are
getting better on it guys I just need a
few more tips how are we gonna get to
the center you guys got to help me out
with that one six trophies a
disappointing first attack and second
attack the Queen just went off to the
side it happens it was a little bit
unfortunate and uh yeah let me show you
my sister's dog that were babysitting
right now Frankie come here where you go
I don't know where he went Frankie
alright he's not over here oh here it
comes come here come here alright this
is art my sister's dog that we're
watching right now little little
chihuahua he is like an attention
grabber like he constantly need to have
attention on him but he's a sweet dog
and I love him and I'm gonna watch him
but anyway guys I'll have another boom
and video out for you guys today and
we're going to be doing episode number
two probably getting our I'm not sure if
it's a town hall
going to be getting our command center
maybe I forgot what it's called but
we're going to be getting it up to level
two so i'll see you guys over there take
it easy